Kyle Stevens: Sexual abuse is so much more than a disturbing physical act. It changes the trajectory of a victims’s life, and that is something that no one has the right to do. Your honor, with your permission, I would now like to address the defendant.
Judge Aquilina: You may.
Kyle Stevens:  After my parents confronted you, they brought you back to my house to speak with me. Sitting on my living room couch, I listened to you tell me no one should ever do that and if they do you should tell someone. Well Larry, I’m here. Not to tell someone, but to tell everyone. You convinced my parents that I was a liar, that you didn’t strategically place lotion in the basement so you could beat your penis in my face while I hid. But I still get sick at the smell of that lotion. You convinced my parents that you didn’t pull my feet into your lap, unzip your pants and rub your erect penis against my bare skin. But I still flinch when my feet are near someone’s lap. You convinced my parents that you didn’t stick your fingers in my adolescent vagina, but I knew when it was time to use my first tampon not to worry because my hymen wasn’t intact. You used my body for six years for your own sexual gratification. That is unforgivable. I’ve been coming for you for a long time. I told counselors your name in hopes that they would report you. I have reported you to Child Protective Services twice. I gave a testament to get your medical license revoked. You were first arrested on my charges and now as the only non-medical victim to come forward, I testify to let the world now that you are a repulsive liar and that those “treatments” were pathetically veiled sexual abuse. Perhaps you have figured it out by now, but little girls don’t stay little forever. They grow into strong women that return to destroy your world. Your Honor, there is no time that Larry Nassar can serve that would give me back those years with my family, or the time and energy I spent sorting out my anger, frustration and confusion. But I can tell you this: our law does not do enough to prevent predatory acts and often does not do enough to punish predators who’ve committed the hideous act of abusing a child. I can also tell you, Larry Nassar is a predator without boundaries. His patients weren’t safe, his friends’ children weren’t safe, and even his own children weren’t safe. If he’s ever allowed to reenter society, he will not hesitate to reoffend. We’ve all done our part to get to this point, and will continue doing our part to combat the diseased societal thinking that kept 100 plus victims quiet for decades. But right here, right now, it’s your turn. I implore you to do your part. Make a statement that forces other predators to think twice. Keep Larry Nassar out of our communities. I ask for a minimum of forty and a maximum of one hundred and twenty-five. Thank you.
Judge Aquilina: Thank you. The system clearly failed you and it has failed so many children and people without voices, but you certainly have grown into a beautiful, smart, and intelligent woman who has a voice. This voice that you have just let out publicly will have that rippling affect to change legislation, to change the lives of children who are being abused to speak up like you. What’s so important is that you weren’t sure what was going on but you kept questioning. When you heard other voices, you knew it was wrong. It’s so important what you’ve just said to all those children and helpless people, and it is a shame you’re not alone, that your family didn’t listen, that they trusted your abuser, that you as a small child had nothing to gain, nothing, by complaining and still your voice went unheard. I promise you, it’s not unheard now.
Kyle Stevens: Thank you.
Judge Aquilina: I have one question for you. Are you seeking restitution from Larry Nassar?
Kyle Stevens: No.
Judge Aquilina: We can leave it open. Do you understand what restitution is? Restitution makes you whole, and I know that you need counseling. You’ve paid for your own counseling so it’s something that I can order to make you financially whole. I understand you may never fully feel whole but I think you’re on your way to healing. But for those needs that you might have, I certainly can order restitution. I don’t know anything about the civil case. I’ve kept myself away from other things that would affect this. I don’t know if you’re part of that or not. I don’t know if that case will live or die. I don’t know what the judgement may or may not be. There’s no guarantees with that. Restitution, there is a guarantee that if, for some reason, he has money, earns money, inherits money, whatever goes to the victims first. So, if that’s something you would like, I can leave it open so you can think about it.
Kyle Stevens: I’m not interested in any money that would take anything away from his children so no, thank you. 
Judge Aquilina: Okay. Thank you very much.
Attorney: Judge, um, so the record is clear. What I’m gonna be displaying on the screen throughout the victim impact statements…for those that have given permission and photographs, are photographs of the um, survivors at the time of the abuse so um, for the record I have Kyle’s um, pictures. Our next victim is a minor. She’s indicated that she wishes to be public. She is currently seventeen years old and her parents are in the courtroom. If you’d like me to question them to confirm that before I announce her name, um I don’t believe—I think she’s going to be coming up bravely on her own.
